README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://sylius.com" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://demo.sylius.com/assets/shop/img/logo.png" />
    </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Sylius Standard Edition</h1>

<p align="center">This is Sylius Standard Edition repository for starting new projects.</p>

About
-----

Sylius is the first decoupled eCommerce platform based on [**Symfony**](http://symfony.com) and [**Doctrine**](http://doctrine-project.org). 
The highest quality of code, strong testing culture, built-in Agile (BDD) workflow and exceptional flexibility make it the best solution for application tailored to your business requirements. 
Enjoy being an eCommerce Developer again!

Powerful REST API allows for easy integrations and creating unique customer experience on any device.

We're using full-stack Behavior-Driven-Development, with [phpspec](http://phpspec.net) and [Behat](http://behat.org)

Documentation
-------------

Documentation is available at [docs.sylius.com](http://docs.sylius.com).

Installation
------------

```bash
$ wget http://getcomposer.org/composer.phar
$ php composer.phar create-project sylius/sylius-standard project
$ cd project
$ yarn install
$ yarn build
$ php bin/console sylius:install
$ php bin/console server:start
$ open http://localhost:8000/
```

Troubleshooting
---------------

If something goes wrong, errors & exceptions are logged at the application level:

```bash
$ tail -f var/log/prod.log
$ tail -f var/log/dev.log
```

If you are using the supplied Vagrant development environment, please see the related [Troubleshooting guide](etc/vagrant/README.md#Troubleshooting) for more information.

Contributing
------------

Would like to help us and build the most developer-friendly eCommerce platform? Start from reading our [Contribution Guide](https://docs.sylius.com/en/latest/contributing/)!

Stay Updated
------------

If you want to keep up with the updates, [follow the official Sylius account on Twitter](http://twitter.com/Sylius) and [like us on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SyliusEcommerce/).

Bug Tracking
------------

If you want to report a bug or suggest an idea, please use [GitHub issues](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/issues).

Community Support
-----------------

Have a question? Join our [Slack](https://slackinvite.me/to/sylius-devs) or post it on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com) tagged with "sylius". You can also join our [group on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/sylius/)!

MIT License
-----------

Sylius is completely free and released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/blob/master/LICENSE).

Authors
-------

Sylius was originally created by [Paweł Jędrzejewski](http://pjedrzejewski.com).
See the list of [contributors from our awesome community](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/contributors).

Commit message:

[README] Add link to official docs in installation section

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://sylius.com" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://demo.sylius.com/assets/shop/img/logo.png" />
    </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Sylius Standard Edition</h1>

<p align="center">This is Sylius Standard Edition repository for starting new projects.</p>

About
-----

Sylius is the first decoupled eCommerce platform based on [**Symfony**](http://symfony.com) and [**Doctrine**](http://doctrine-project.org). 
The highest quality of code, strong testing culture, built-in Agile (BDD) workflow and exceptional flexibility make it the best solution for application tailored to your business requirements. 
Enjoy being an eCommerce Developer again!

Powerful REST API allows for easy integrations and creating unique customer experience on any device.

We're using full-stack Behavior-Driven-Development, with [phpspec](http://phpspec.net) and [Behat](http://behat.org)

Documentation
-------------

Documentation is available at [docs.sylius.com](http://docs.sylius.com).

Installation
------------

```bash
$ wget http://getcomposer.org/composer.phar
$ php composer.phar create-project sylius/sylius-standard project
$ cd project
$ yarn install
$ yarn build
$ php bin/console sylius:install
$ php bin/console server:start
$ open http://localhost:8000/
```

For more detailed instruction please visit [installation chapter in our docs](https://docs.sylius.com/en/1.10/book/installation/installation.html).

Troubleshooting
---------------

If something goes wrong, errors & exceptions are logged at the application level:

```bash
$ tail -f var/log/prod.log
$ tail -f var/log/dev.log
```

If you are using the supplied Vagrant development environment, please see the related [Troubleshooting guide](etc/vagrant/README.md#Troubleshooting) for more information.

Contributing
------------

Would like to help us and build the most developer-friendly eCommerce platform? Start from reading our [Contribution Guide](https://docs.sylius.com/en/latest/contributing/)!

Stay Updated
------------

If you want to keep up with the updates, [follow the official Sylius account on Twitter](http://twitter.com/Sylius) and [like us on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SyliusEcommerce/).

Bug Tracking
------------

If you want to report a bug or suggest an idea, please use [GitHub issues](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/issues).

Community Support
-----------------

Have a question? Join our [Slack](https://slackinvite.me/to/sylius-devs) or post it on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com) tagged with "sylius". You can also join our [group on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/sylius/)!

MIT License
-----------

Sylius is completely free and released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/blob/master/LICENSE).

Authors
-------

Sylius was originally created by [Paweł Jędrzejewski](http://pjedrzejewski.com).
See the list of [contributors from our awesome community](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/contributors).
